#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asteval==0.9.29
    # via lmfit
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.3
    # via uncertainties
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via streamlit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.3.0
    # via streamlit
ipykernel==6.16.2
    # via ipywidgets
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-server==1.23.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   voila
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.0
    # via voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lmfit==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nbclient==0.7.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   lmfit
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.15.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
#pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
#pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   streamlit
rich==13.3.4
    # via streamlit
scipy==1.10.1
    # via lmfit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via streamlit
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==4.3
    # via streamlit
uncertainties==3.1.7
    # via lmfit
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
voila==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.1
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
